Cloud Guide MFA and TFA updates (#7584)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/user-admin.md

|-|-|-|
| **Account owner** | Project | Perform any task in any project or environment, including deleting it.<br>Magento assigns this role to the License Owner associated with the email address,<br>name, and information of the person who registered the Magento Commerce Cloud account.<br><br>You must submit a Magento Support ticket to modify settings or change the Account owner. |
| **Super user** | Project | Administrator access to all project settings and Cloud environments. Super users can change settings and perform tasks on any environment, including creating and restoring [snapshots][]. |
| **Project reader** | Project | View access to all project environments. Users with this role cannot perform tasks on any environment. However, you can configure environment-level permissions for users with this role to permit write access to a specific environment. |
| **Admin** | Environment | Change settings and perform tasks on an environment, including merging with the parent environment |
| **Contributor** | Environment | Push code and branch the environment |
| **Reader** | Environment | View-only access to an environment |

## Add user authentication requirements

> For added security, Magento provides a project-level MFA enforcement feature to improve security for SSH access to Cloud infrastructure. See [MFA enforcement for SSH].

Author: ```suggestion
For added security, Magento provides project-level MFA enforcement to require two-factor authentication for SSH access to {{ site.data.var.ece }} project source code and environments. See [MFA enforcement for SSH].
```

The following examples use the CLI to add a user, configure roles, and modify project assignments and assigned user roles.

{:.procedure}
To add a user and assign roles:

> 1. Add the user using Magento Cloud CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use the CLI to add the user.
```

magento-cloud user:role alice@example.com --level environment --environment development --role admin
```

{:.bs-callout-tip}

> Use the following command to list the available `magento-cloud` CLI commands: `magento-cloud list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `magento-cloud list` command displays all the `magento-cloud` CLI commands.
```
